[Docs] Add API Docs (#13)
razorpay/razorpay-flutter: README.md

_razorpay.open(options);
```

## API

### Razorpay

#### open(map<String, dynamic> options)

Open Razorpay Checkout. 

The `options` map has `key` as a required property. All other properties are optional. 

> For a complete list of options, please click [here](https://razorpay.com/docs/payment-gateway/integrations-guide/checkout/standard/#checkout-form).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete list of options, please see [Checkout documentation](https://razorpay.com/docs/payment-gateway/integrations-guide/checkout/standard/#checkout-form).
```

#### on(String eventName, Function listener)

Register event listeners for payment events.

- `eventName`: The name of the event.
- `listener`: The function to be called. The listener should accept a single argument of the following type:

>   - [`PaymentSuccessResponse`](#paymentsuccessresponse) for `EVENT_PAYMENT_SUCCESS`

Reviewer: Are these available as static properties of some class (like `Razorpay.EVENT_PAYMENT_SUCCESS`?

Reviewer: Saw that this is available.
